
ABOUT US

We take this opportunity to introduce ourselves M/s. VIR Group. M/S VIR GROUP is one of the leading real estate companies, duly incorporated under the Indian Companies Act through its Directors Mr. Virabhai Prajapati & Mr. Tarun Prajapati. Being a prominent real estate player, we primarily operate in Mumbai's suburban districts. Our company has a track record of providing high-quality homes and has completed numerous real estate renovation projects with success.
We create projects and build new buildings that offer remarkable elevation and quality of construction, as demonstrated in recent years. Our team comprises skilled architects, engineers, and constructors who have extensive knowledge and expertise in their respective disciplines.
We have built and finished a number of these projects with quicker outcomes that are extremely good financially. The Company has a Team of Project Manager, Civil Engineer, Architects. Executive Engineers, Supervisors and Marketing Team, who have got vast experience in Project Management.










What is Re-development?
Redevelopment is the process of demolishing existing old dilapidated society building and reconstructing it by appointing a good developer who can construct and handover new flats to the society members free of cost with better modern day amenities and make profit by utilizing balance plot potential by constructing additional flats and shops as per approval from the concerned development authorities.

Why Re-development?
The old society buildings were built over a period on 3-4 decades & are in very bad shape. Infrastructure facilities for electricity. water & sewage are overloaded & needs immediate replacement. Societies need huge funds to undertake major repairs. The structure of old buildings have outlived its life & needs to be pulled and developed afresh as further repairs to the existing structure won't be advisable & feasible. Redeveloped buildings have negligible maintenance and repair cost at least for 15-20 years.
New redeveloped buildings have better infrastructure facilities in respect of plumbing/ electrical & sewage requirements as ISI marked materials are used & the work is also carried out by certified contractor. Redeveloped buildings provide other amenities like watchman's' cabin, society office. servants' toilets, better entrance lobby layout, dry balconies, flowerbeds. better external elevation, better compound walls & flooring which is not the case with old society buildings. New buildings have adequate number of car parking for its members.